a real northwestern Pacific North
Pacific American Gentile man on the
count of three okay one two no so what
is this game how do you describe it
Lyndsey a walking simulator you know
like that co-op game uh-huh it's like
that with a controller and like we have
to work as a team so it's also kind of
like the little robots remind me of like
the portal robots oh that's cute too
okay all right it's you give a very apt
description I think we gotta help this
guy pull this left oh yeah so you can
walk and you can scoot yeah let's scoot
Hey I'm sorry that on your own I'm pink
and you're blue yeah
can I not walk on that other platform oh
yeah the pink disappears if blue trace
is simple oh look at this giant carrot
grab it oh my god I'm so excited for the
carrot grab this are we going figuring
it out now can you do your the excited
dance one by peg can't pass such a
bridge so we both have to go hello I see
Oh
stepping it's you can only take one step
one step then you step then I step look
at us routine so the this like zoom in
reminds me of
[Music]
Oh No how does this go oh you got a step
on okay you go get those coins okay oh
my god oh I'm supposed to get myself
okay here we go
all right it's begun Circle me crap I
can't get on there there we go
squirmy okay Square hurry go go go we
can still do it
seconds left now square me go on the
square okay here we go
I won't let you down oh now I'm stuck
okay here we go I'm on the circle all
right you're on the circle now to the
square yeah I'm on the square all right
you got it
oh that was me you did that one knows
your fault go you got this
okay there we go go go go yes we did it
oh my god work can we high-five how do
we oh wait yeah we can do it
what's the balloons Bubble Boy I don't
know where this Bubble Boy is wait look
there stuff over here
oh we break the barrel yeah that coins
it okay grab the other one got the other
one I'll slam into it go we didn't you
got the secrets how do we get that it's
gotta take a little Lina faithful oh
here's another one of the things it's
gonna be true and it moves okay one step
at a time one step look let's go go go
oh okay wait we're fine okay we could
wait here we go you first no okay wait
here for you oh okay hold on I'm just
gonna come no no no it's fine look and
I'll wait here with my leg up and only
put one leg down I'm stuck I can okay
there we go
[Laughter]
now you're stuck I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna show you how it's done
keep your leg up [__]
so we really only accept that once
because it's moving yeah
oh and you're gonna get those coins oh
yes I was doing good stinking we're
almost there
nice oh my gosh we figured it out oh I'm
like right on the back here look at this
I'm holding on oh it's gonna be you
Frick look at me I'm oh my god I'm so
sorry
cancer
oh nice what is this balloon man what is
you balloon man that's what I want to
know boys you got a stupid mustache I
thought he just had a stupid broken
smile with a buck tooth oh he asked me
to stop hitting him
yeah what are you doing here bub this
team on the mystery of the blue balloon
do you know the mystery of the blue
balloon jelly gonna be a real challenge
[Music]
so I'm gonna go this way now
we miss those coins it's still good star
sorry it's all good we're in the perfect
spot right we did it
look at us go hundred percent and we
activate beacons oh my god we're saving
this planet
oh is that what the blue balloons are
what's this planet we're learning oh
this will Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay oh god
it's a wheel and a flipper
it's a wheelie Siegfried and Roy
[Music]
yep all right so we got to go in tandem
or how about this I just step on it
every time yeah are we hacking are we
backing the game Wow
you ran into me oh let's find you over
here cool look at this skull bird I
don't know I want to give it to blathers
playing okay this one has holes in it
this is ready I'm not ready it's going
the other way
come this way brick oh my gosh oh my god
you're stepping crazy like it mean - oh
[Music]
my god why are you stepping like that
here we'll just do the cheesy one away
again there's like milliseconds in
between my steps and yours
know which way to go oh my god
you just waiting for it to turn away
from start turning hey now yes alright
oh my god thank you for kicking me here
look we just gotta step in unison okay
okay well that was you're not you caught
up fast okay
go oh my god okay in the middle in the
middle okay now we both go either way
okay ready go
[Music]
oh yes we did it and there you go this
is intense MLG my hands are sweating
your hands are always sweaty beacon
activated we activated some sort of
beacon okay oh it was under that pile of
rocks okay next level of puzzles Go Go
good up the stairs oh we have one foot
no I don't want to get it I can do it no
no yeah you're laughing now wait until
you see the footage of me crying later
two feet out of two feet no it has to be
yeah so there you go now you just run
across how do I get that oh I really
want that star oh there's a star I
didn't see I can get to it yeah
I want it okay you're all on your own
let me start from like this corner oh it
just gave us a tip yeah side where the
star is we can do it together okay watch
this watch and learn watching lady okay
[Laughter]
okay we need to do it in sync okay and
there's a delay with discord so it's
gonna be difficult or we can follow the
guys oh there you go
yeah let's follow the guys right
[Music]
but wait you didn't even go for the star
Lindsay I couldn't I was not close
enough to the edge okay you got the star
all right now let's just get across [__]
that star oh my god it only took six
minutes go go step step step step
oh my golly goodness carrot whoa
I've said Michael you are so rude hey
don't stop bullying me Lindsay you're
gonna know the meaning you're gonna know
the meaning if I ever see you again
[Music]
whoa what 20 feet can you go find
somebody oh he's all alone
how that's the fiery robot get all alone
oh it's 3:00 we have to go well together
okay so you take turns taking steps okay
I'll walk fully on you at both feet okay
and you put a foot down now when you
step by step no way one of us needs to
stand still may be okay now so I just
keep walking yeah just keep walking oh
my god
okay now somehow oh I see then I'll just
stand on it ready I'll stand on I'll
stay here and you come across [__] I'm
here right now
how come I can't walk what's wrong with
me so we just walk with him this is easy
easy cakes look at the rain making
shapes on the platform it's twitch
twitch wow we did it Lindsey we saved
the world I need a shot
yes you're missing only steers so I'm
watching it okay she's not in the tube
top I don't care it's becoming a woman
yeah pink eyes meet and snatch I've seen
this that top has two too many straps as
I said first things first you need to go
to her closet to see what tube top she's
got in there you got it this might be
your boyfriend's house let's see if
Chris has kind of boyfriend